---
One Piece - Manga
Where do I start... 
A manga that truly changed my life. 
I definitely have my gripes, but it's highs really are unparalled. 
I've never felt such a connection to the characters of a story. 
It was the first series to make me ugly cry, then ugly cry again, then again.
And it was also my first proper manga (reading from start to finish). 
Although I did lose some hope reading Wano (again tho... high highs), Oda has reeled me back in after Egghead and Elbaf (written at the time of chapter 1189). 
I can't ever see this drifting out of my top 3.
A special story with special characters, and a special place in my heart.
---
Attack on Titan - Anime and Manga
You never forget your first love.
First anime I ever watched as a kid and one that has stuck with me ever since. 
The best series I've ever watched/read at drip feeding information and clues that culminate into the unbelievable plot and lore reveals. 
Having caught up and read the manga weekly for the final handful of chapters the ending really didn't stick the landing for me at first. 
But on a rewatch, I truly do love what Isayama did. 
Just an amazing series.
---
Cuphead - Video Game
A game I watched many many times before I got to play it myself. 
The big band jazz soundtrack was always one of it's biggest appeals to me as a kid, being a jazzy saxophonist, but the love and care that went in to every detail was apparent.
Once I got a PC it was one of the first things I bought and played. 
Difficult, yes. 
Rage inducing, yes. 
Excellent, yes. 
A game unmatched in style and charisma, a true love letter to gaming. 
---
Jump King - Video Game
God knows why I love this game. 
I enjoyed watching 'foddian games' but never played one until this. 
Charming pixel art and audio design, but you never get to appreciate it. 
Still haven't beat the second DLC, probably will never. 
An inspiration to me, a game so simple but solid. 
---
Terraria - Video Game
THE FUCKING GOAT.
FUCK MINECRAFT LONG LIVE TERRARIA. 
Best mobile game of all time for little me, and it held up when I got my hands on the real thing. 
A blast to play with friends who are into it. 
The building and combat is great (shout out yoyo class), and the mod community is amazing once you're bored with the base game. 
I love you Re-Logic.
---
Elden Ring - Video Game
I mean it is just the culmination of all FromSoft's previous work, so yes it's amazing. 
As usual, the game's universe is breathtaking and rich, and it's storytelling gives the player enough on it's own while piquing their curiosity about the greater world. 
Combat is tried and tested. 
The classic FromSoft orchestral music is just amazing. 
The difficulty is at a good level, but the open world does allow for the player to make it significantly easier (not a dig). 
For me, it's a stunning world supported by a good set of mechanics. 
---
Kingdom Come: Deliverance II - Video Game
Easily my favorite game from 2025, and the best RPG I've played.
I wasn't sure about the combat at first but I really ended up loving it.
The story was amazing, I loved how grounded it was to start while staying super engaging. 
And the build up to the final battle felt very much earned. 
Henry was a great protagonist, and the supporting cast was just as good. 
I just really fell in love with the world and the people in it. 
GREAT GAME, PLAY IT. 
---
Oppenheimer - Movie
One of the few movies to genuinely leave me speechless leaving the cinemas.
For me, it's Nolan's best work.
The script is amazing and the actors were just incredible. 
Seeing RDJ give that performance after being in the marvel cinematic slop factory for so long was great. 
Nolan's classic non linear storytelling served the story so well, and Cillian Murphy's performance portraying Oppenheimer through all the different stages of his arc was truly breathtaking.
Emily Blunt as Kitty as well, just wow. 
And the score. 
Oh my god Ludwig Goeransson, maybe the best composer named Ludwig of all time. 
All in all a cinematic feat, only possible for Nolan to pull off. 
---
The Thing - Movie
My favourite horror movie. 
The setting lends itself so well to the paranoia you're meant to feel with the characters.
Of course, as everyone says, the practical effects are amazing. 
You never get taken out of a scene because of the practical effects, you just watch in awe and disgust. 
Just a perfect horror flick. 
---
Hunter x Hunter - Manga
I did watch the 2011 anime a few years back, but with the hiatus ending I decided to do a full read through. 
Wow. 
I definitely enjoyed the anime but something about the manga took this from a good series to a truly amazing one. 
I can understand people gripes with arcs outside Yorknew City and Chimera Ant (those 2 are basically perfect), but I don't know I loved every moment. 
For me, no arc was boring or dull. 
And yes, the Chimera Ant arc was just that good. 
That final run of chapters had me consistently sobbing.
Getting to the Succession Contest arc I obviously undertand why people call it a visual novel or whatever, but it it just so interesting.
Praying for Togashi's health because the world deserves more Hunter x Hunter.
---
Naruto - Manga
I wanted to love it, I just liked it. 
Kishimoto's art is amazing and you do love the wider cast of characters pre timeskip.
Post timeskip I really enjoyed the tighter focus on Naruto and Sasuke, but I just didn't like how some of the larger plot points were resolved, especially the final villain.
That's not to say there weren't some really amazing arcs throughout, I just think the ending left a sour taste in my mouth for what would otherwise be a great series. 
---
Chainsaw Man part 1 - Manga
Went in not expecting much, but I was really blown away. 
Denji was a much more engaging protagonist than I was lead to believe and I really did fall in love with him.
His suffering throughout was just sad to watch unfold, and it's culmination in the Control Devil arc was incredible.
Fuck Makima. 
---
Jujutsu Kaisen - Manga
Ughhhh what could have been. 
Up until the final few chapters I really did love this series. 
It's sad that I do really feel like the ending was a symptom of Gege's fatigue, and it could've turned out different if it wasn't for the brutal Mangaka lifestyle.
I still love the characters and world, but it was just a bad ending. 
---
Deltarune - Video Game
(Written after chapter 5 release)
Just an amazing story wrapped over a good game. 
I see why this is the story Toby Fox dreamed of creating way back when.
I just love the characters and the story is unfolding really interestingly. 
Of course, Toby's music is amazing as always and Temmie's art is great. 
Ugh I just love this game, and I can't wait for chapters 6 and 7. 
---
007 First Light - Video Game
I was really pleasantly surprised by this game. 
A very tight story exploring this universes Bond's origin. 
The gameplay was great, so were the graphics if not a bit demanding. 
It never took it's foot off the pedal, so I'm really not annoyed at how 'short' the game was.
It was jam packed with actions and story beats. 
Can't wait for the sequels. 
---
Steep - Video Game
My comfort game.
Just a really enjoyable game for someone who skis and snowboards.
It's just nice to hop in and play for an hour or two going to random places on the mountains and freeriding. 
---
